DOC-690: Document Update graph task (#817)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/graphs/graph-tasks/update-graph.md

---
title: Update a Graph
sidebar_position: 60
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This page describes various methods of updating Macrometa graphs. While you cannot change the name of the graph after it is created, you can add or remove edge definitions and vertex collections.

<Tabs groupId="operating-systems">
<TabItem value="console" label="Web Console">

> Follow these instructions to create a new collection using the GDN console web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these instructions to update a graph using the GDN console web UI.
```
